## mbt build

Run build command

### Synopsis



`mbt build branch [name] [--content] [--name <name>] [--fuzzy]`<br>
Build modules in a branch. Assume master if branch name is not specified.
Build just the modules matching the `--name` filter if specified.
Default `--name` filter is a prefix match. You can change this to a subsequence
match by using `--fuzzy` option.

`mbt build commit <commit> [--content] [--name <name>] [--fuzzy]`<br>
Build modules in a commit. Full commit sha is required.
Build just the modules modified in the commit when `--content` flag is used.
Build just the modules matching the `--name` filter if specified.
Default `--name` filter is a prefix match. You can change this to a subsequence
match by using `--fuzzy` option.

`mbt build diff --from <commit> --to <commit>`<br>
Build modules changed between `from` and `to` commits.
In this mode, mbt works out the merge base between `from` and `to` and
evaluates the modules changed between the merge base and `to`.

`mbt build head [--content] [--name <name>] [--fuzzy]`<br>
Build modules in current head.
Build just the modules matching the `--name` filter if specified.
Default `--name` filter is a prefix match. You can change this to a subsequence
match by using `--fuzzy` option.

`mbt build pr --src <name> --dst <name>`<br>
Build modules changed between `--src` and `--dst` branches.
In this mode, mbt works out the merge base between `--src` and `--dst` and
evaluates the modules changed between the merge base and `--src`.

`mbt build local [--all] [--content] [--name <name>] [--fuzzy]`<br>
Build modules modified in current workspace. All modules in the workspace are
built if `--all` option is specified.
Build just the modules matching the `--name` filter if specified.
Default `--name` filter is a prefix match. You can change this to a subsequence
match by using `--fuzzy` option.

### Build Environment


When executing build, following environment variables are initialised and can be
used by the command being executed.

- `MBT_MODULE_NAME` Name of the module
- `MBT_MODULE_PATH` Relative path to the module directory
- `MBT_MODULE_VERSION` Module version
- `MBT_BUILD_COMMIT` Git commit SHA of the commit being built
- `MBT_REPO_PATH` Absolute path to the repository directory

In addition to the variables listed above, module properties are also populated 
in the form of `MBT_MODULE_PROPERTY_XXX` where `XXX` denotes the key.


### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for build
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --debug       Enable debug output
      --in string   Path to repo
```

### SEE ALSO
* [mbt](mbt.md)	 - mbt - The most flexible build orchestration tool for monorepo
* [mbt build branch](mbt_build_branch.md)	 - 
* [mbt build commit](mbt_build_commit.md)	 - 
* [mbt build diff](mbt_build_diff.md)	 - 
* [mbt build head](mbt_build_head.md)	 - 
* [mbt build local](mbt_build_local.md)	 - 
* [mbt build pr](mbt_build_pr.md)	 - 

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 9-Jul-2018
