## mbt run-in

Run user defined command

### Synopsis



`mbt run-in branch [name] [--content] [--name <name>] [--fuzzy]`<br>
Run user defined command in modules in a branch. Assume master if branch name is not specified.
Consider just the modules matching the `--name` filter if specified.
Default `--name` filter is a prefix match. You can change this to a subsequence
match by using `--fuzzy` option.

`mbt run-in commit <commit> [--content] [--name <name>] [--fuzzy]`<br>
Run user defined command in modules in a commit. Full commit sha is required.
Consider just the modules modified in the commit when `--content` flag is used.
Consider just the modules matching the `--name` filter if specified.
Default `--name` filter is a prefix match. You can change this to a subsequence
match by using `--fuzzy` option.

`mbt run-in diff --from <commit> --to <commit>`<br>
Run user defined command in modules changed between `from` and `to` commits.
In this mode, mbt works out the merge base between `from` and `to` and
evaluates the modules changed between the merge base and `to`.

`mbt run-in head [--content] [--name <name>] [--fuzzy]`<br>
Run user defined command in modules in current head.
Consider just the modules matching the `--name` filter if specified.
Default `--name` filter is a prefix match. You can change this to a subsequence
match by using `--fuzzy` option.

`mbt run-in pr --src <name> --dst <name>`<br>
Run user defined command in modules changed between `--src` and `--dst` branches.
In this mode, mbt works out the merge base between `--src` and `--dst` and
evaluates the modules changed between the merge base and `--src`.

`mbt run-in local [--all] [--content] [--name <name>] [--fuzzy]`<br>
Run user defined command in modules modified in current workspace. All modules in the workspace are
considered if `--all` option is specified.
Consider just the modules matching the `--name` filter if specified.
Default `--name` filter is a prefix match. You can change this to a subsequence
match by using `--fuzzy` option.

### Execution Environment


When executing a command, following environment variables are initialised and can be
used by the command being executed.

`MBT_MODULE_NAME` Name of the module
`MBT_MODULE_VERSION` Module version
`MBT_BUILD_COMMIT` Git commit SHA of the commit being built

In addition to the variables listed above, module properties are also populated 
in the form of `MBT_MODULE_PROPERTY_XXX` where `XXX` denotes the key.


### Options

```
  -m, --command string   Command to execute
      --fail-fast        Fail fast on command failure
  -h, --help             help for run-in
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --debug       Enable debug output
      --in string   Path to repo
```

### SEE ALSO
* [mbt](mbt.md)	 - mbt - The most flexible build orchestration tool for monorepo
* [mbt run-in branch](mbt_run-in_branch.md)	 - 
* [mbt run-in commit](mbt_run-in_commit.md)	 - 
* [mbt run-in diff](mbt_run-in_diff.md)	 - 
* [mbt run-in head](mbt_run-in_head.md)	 - 
* [mbt run-in local](mbt_run-in_local.md)	 - 
* [mbt run-in pr](mbt_run-in_pr.md)	 - 

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 9-Jul-2018
