## mbt apply

Apply repository manifest over a go template

### Synopsis



`mbt apply branch [name] --to <path>`<br>
Apply the manifest of the tip of the branch to a template.
Template path should be relative to the repository root and must be available
in the commit tree. Assume master if name is not specified.

`mbt apply commit <commit> --to <path>`<br>
Apply the manifest of a commit to a template.
Template path should be relative to the repository root and must be available
in the commit tree.

`mbt apply head --to <path>`<br>
Apply the manifest of current head to a template.
Template path should be relative to the repository root and must be available
in the commit tree.

`mbt apply local --to <path>`<br>
Apply the manifest of local workspace to a template.
Template path should be relative to the repository root and must be available
in the workspace.

### Template Helpers

Following helper functions are available when writing templates.

`module <name>`<br>
Find the specified module from modules set discovered in the repo.

`property <module> <name>`<br>
Find the specified property in the given module. Standard dot notation can be used to access nested properties (e.g. `a.b.c`).

`propertyOr <module> <name> <default>`<br>
Find specified property in the given module or return the designated default value.

`contains <array> <item>`<br>
Return true if the given item is present in the array.

`join <array> <format> <separator>`<br>
Format each item in the array according the format specified and then join them with the specified separator.

`kvplist <map>`<br>
Take a map of `map[string]interface{}` and return the items in the map as a list of key/value pairs sorted by the key. They can be accessed via `.Key` and `.Value` properties.

`add <int> <int>`<br>
Add two integers.

`sub <int> <int>`<br>
Subtract two integers.

`mul <int> <int>`{br}
Multiply two integers.

`div <int> <int>`<br>
Divide two integers.

`head <array|slice>`<br>
Select the first item in an array/slice. Return `""` if the input is `nil` or an empty array/slice.

`tail <array|slice>`<br>
Select the last item in an array/slice. Return `""` if the input is `nil` or an empty array/slice.

`ishead <array> <value>`<br>
Return true if the specified value is the head of the array/slice.

`istail <array> <value>`<br>
Return true if the specified value is the tail of the array/slice.

These functions can be pipelined to simplify complex template expressions. Below is an example of emitting the word "foo"
when module "app-a" has the value "a" in it's tags property.


### Options

```
  -h, --help         help for apply
      --out string   Output path
      --to string    Template to apply
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --debug       Enable debug output
      --in string   Path to repo
```

### SEE ALSO
* [mbt](mbt.md)	 - mbt - The most flexible build orchestration tool for monorepo
* [mbt apply branch](mbt_apply_branch.md)	 - 
* [mbt apply commit](mbt_apply_commit.md)	 - 
* [mbt apply head](mbt_apply_head.md)	 - 
* [mbt apply local](mbt_apply_local.md)	 - 

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 9-Jul-2018
